Sister Juan, my daughter is sick.
I need money.
Is there any way to make money quickly?
Yes, but I don't know if you can accept it.
What method?
strip show
I'll auction off your clothes after the show
Even underwear
Is there any other way?
Xiaoya
Want to earn money
There will be sacrifices
One fix
At least you get 500,000
Do you want to be a dignified person?
I still want to be a good mother
OK, I agree.
Please help me arrange it.
Hello.
Our auction ceremony is now officially open
The first item to be auctioned is a black pharmacist suit
The starting price is 50,000 yuan
Please start buying
100,000?
Now it's player No. 5, the highest bid in the 100,000
Is there anything higher than 100,000
100,000 times
One hundred thousand three times
Congratulations to Mr. 5 for getting this item at 100,000 price
Ask the model to take off her suit
We'll pack it up and send it to Mr. 5's car
Go fast take off fast
Ink what?
Hurry up! Everyone can't wait!
Take it off
Come on.
take off fast
The second item we want to auction
It's a purple iris gauze skirt made of crystal silk.
Starting at 100,000
Please start your placards